NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"
MR. YUSEI FUDO,
ENTERING THE LIMITS
OF NEW DOMINO CITY
WITHOUT A PERMIT?
NOW TO DISCUSS
PUNISHMENT.
Guard: WELCOME
TO THE FACILITY
YOUR "HOME AWAY FROM HOME!"
I NEVER FORGET
A FACE!
YOU WERE
AT THE KAIBA DOME!
I SAW SECTOR
SECURITY
TAKE YOU AWAY!
AAH! MY ARM.
WHY DOES IT HURT
SO MUCH?
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
LEMME TELL YA
HOW THINGS ARE GONNA
WORK AROUND HERE.
FIRST DAY IN
EVERYONE DUELS.
YOU DUEL GOOD
YOU GET RESPECT.
BUT DON'T GET NO IDEAS
'CAUSE I'M THE BEST.
OOOOOOKAY! LET'S
EVERYONE CALM DOWN!
I'VE BEEN
HERE BEFORE
AND I KNOW HOW
THE RULES
ARE SUPPOSED
TO WORK!
IF I WIN, THEN
WELL I'M IN CHARGE.
USHI ONI, TAKE OUT
THAT ANCIENT RELIC!
YOU CAN'T!
THE CRYSTAL SKULL IS
A PRICELESS ARTIFACT!
AAH!
NOW GET OUTTA HERE.
AND LEAVE YOUR
"PRECIOUS TREASURES"
WITH ME!
YOU CAN'T DO THIS!
[GROANING]
LOOKS LIKE YOU JUST
EARNED YOURSELF A DUEL!
CAN I BORROW
YOUR CARDS?
HUH?
YOU SAID WE DUEL
HERE FOR RESPECT.
I THINK IT'S ABOUT
TIME YOU LEARN
WHAT THAT REALLY MEANS.
THIS STARTED TO BURN!
IT'S THE CRIMSON
DRAGON'S MARK.
IT'S A SYMBOL
OF POWER.
YOU ARE ONE
OF THE RARE FEW
KNOWN AS A SIGNER.
YOUR SIGN, JACK,
IT IS YOUR DESTINY.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[YELLING]
THERE'S NOW WAY YOU
GOT THE SKILLS TO
TAKE ME DOWN.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE GETTIN'
INTO, KID?
BRING IT ON
AND FIND OUT.
WELL AT LEAST YOU GOT
THE WHOLE ATTITUDE
THING COVERED.
YOU'RE GONNA DUEL
WITH THE OLD GUY'S
DECK?
GUESS YOUR LOOKING
TO GET EMBARRASSED
BY TANNER AS WELL!
THEY ARE BUNKMATES,
MAYBE CRAZY'S CONTAGIOUS.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
DO THIS, YOU KNOW.
IF I DON'T STEP UP,
I'LL NEVER LIVE IT DOWN.
[THINKING]
THERE'S SOMETHING
SPECIAL ABOUT
THIS WHIPPER-SNAPPER.
IF I REALLY SAW
WHAT I THINK I SAW
THE OTHER NIGHT,
IS IT POSSIBLE
THAT THIS KID IS
WHO I THINK HE IS?
WHO ARE YOU?
JUST A GUY
TRYING TO GET BY.
YOU LOSE A DUEL
IN HERE, ROOKIE,
AND NO ONE'S
GONNA RESPECT YOU.
AND TRUST ME...
AROUND HERE,
YOU SURVIVE ON RESPECT.
WELL, THEN YOU BETTER
HOPE YOU DON'T LOSE.
LET'S DO THIS!
SENIORITY RULES HERE!
I'M GOIN' FIRST!
LEMME INTRODUCE YOU
TO MY LITTLE PET!
JIRAI GUMO!
YARGHHH! SPIDER!!!!
WHAT'S WRONG,
GRAMPS!?
CREEPIE CRAWLIES
GIVING YA
THE SHAKES?
COME ON, TANNER!
GET 'EM!
YEAH! GO!
COME ON, MAN!
YOU CAN DO IT.
COME ON!
I PLACE TWO
CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
IT'S YOUR MOVE, KID.
HOW'S THE OLD TIMER'S
DECK LOOKIN'?
YOU GONNA THROW
SOME GARAGE SALE
REJECTS AT ME?
HEY, YANAGI, DON'T LISTEN
TO ANYTHING
THESE GUYS HAVE TO SAY.
THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT.
BUT YOU SAW ME DUEL.
EVERYTHING BLEW
UP IN MY FACE.
I HAD MY OLD BUTT
HANDED TO ME.
WELL, LET ME SHOW YOU
WHAT THESE
ANCIENT RELICS OF YOURS
CAN DO IN THE RIGHT HANDS.
[TELEPHONE DIALING]
Goodwin: YES UNDERSTOOD.
JUST BE SURE TO KEEP AN EYE
ON THAT DUEL,
MR. ARMSTRONG.
WRITE UP A REPORT.
BE SURE TO NOTE
IF ANYTHING
UNUSUAL HAPPENS.
SOUNDS LIKE YOUR OLD
BUDDY FROM THE SATELLITE
IS MAKING SOME
NEW DUELIST FRIENDS
IN THE FACILITY.
HUH!
LOOK, JACK, I'M SORRY
ABOUT HOW RECENT EVENTS
HAVE TRANSPIRED.
BUT ALLOW ME
TO EXPLAIN.
SO FAR, OUR
RELATIONSHIP
HAS OPERATED
ON A NEED-TO-KNOW
BASIS.
MEANING I KNOW
THINGS THAT YOU DON'T.
'CAUSE YOU
HAVEN'T NEEDED
TO KNOW THESE THINGS.
UNTIL NOW.
Computer:
FINGERPRINT VERIFICATION.
OPTICAL ANALYSIS.
SCAN COMPLETE.
WELCOME, MR. GOODWIN.
YOU'RE A LOT MORE
IMPORTANT THAN
YOU KNOW, JACK.
BUT WHAT MAKES YOU
IMPORTANT IS NOT THAT
YOU'RE A GREAT DUELIST.
RATHER YOU'RE A GREAT
DUELIST BECAUSE OF WHAT
MAKES YOU IMPORTANT.
I'M GONNA PRETEND
THAT MADE SENSE.
BEYOND THIS DOOR
LIES YOUR DESTINY.
WHAT'S GOING ON,
GOODWIN?
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO
SHOW YOU IS ONE
OF THE WORLD'S
BEST KEPT SECRETS.
AMAZING ISN'T IT?
HEY! THAT DRAGON SYMBOL
LOOKS LIKE...
NOW LISTEN CLOSELY, JACK.
YOU'RE STANDING IN FRONT
OF THE STAIRWAY
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
IT WAS ORIGINALLY
ERECTED IN PERU,
BUT MY PREDECESSORS
RELOCATED IT HERE
THAT'S ALL WELL AND GOOD,
BUT HOW DOES THAT
RELATE TO THIS MARK?
THE MARK ON YOUR ARM
REPRESENTS
THE RIGHT WING
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
THE SAME DRAGON YOU
AND YUSEI SOMEHOW
SUMMONED
AT THE END OF YOUR DUEL.
LIKE I SAID, JACK,
YOU'RE MUCH MORE
IMPORTANT THAN YOU KNOW.
MY MOVE, TANNER.
[THINKING]
THIS WON'T HELP NOW.
UH, WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T USE
THE CRYSTAL SKULL!
THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
GOOD IDEA!
WHAT ARE YOU...
I SAID DON'T USE IT,
DIDN'T YOU SEE
WHAT IT DID TO ME?!
I SUMMON CRYSTAL SKULL
IN DEFENSE MODE!
YOU CAN'T SAY I
DIDN'T WARN YOU.
YOU KNOW THAT
SKULL'S CURSED.
WHY PLAY SOMETHING
THAT ATTACKS YOURSELF?
GOOD QUESTION.
WHY WOULD I?
IT'D BE
A STUPID MOVE.
UNLESS OF COURSE
I HAD THIS!
OH I REMEMBER
THAT ONE!
I GOT THAT FROM
A FRIENDLY SHAMAN
IN AFRICA,
BUT HE NEVER GOT
THE CHANCE
TO EXPLAIN
HOW IT WORKED.
WHAT'S GOIN ON!?
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
SEEMS EVERYTHING PLAYED
OUT ALL OPPOSITE-LIKE.
TANNER ENDED UP LOSING
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS.
AND THE NEW GUY DIDN'T
TAKE ANY DAMAGE AT ALL.
HOW'D YOU DO THAT?
WHAT WAS THAT CARD
YOU JUST PLAYED?
THE CURSE REFLECTION DOLL.
NORMALLY IT'S USED TO
REFLECT CURSE ATTACKS
SENT BY THE OPPONENT,
BUT IM GONNA USE IT
TO TURN MY OWN CURSE
INTO AN ATTACK AGAINST YOU.
SO THE NEWBIE FOUND
SOME CRAZY CLEVER WAY
TO PUT THAT CURSE
IN REVERSE!
I'M JUST SO GLAD
THAT SOMEONE
OTHER THAN ME
CAN SEE
THE TRUE VALUE
OF THESE CARDS.
WELL, I NEVER MET
A CARD I DIDN'T LIKE.
HUH?
YOU SEE EVERY CARD
IS SPECIAL,
AND YOU JUST HAVE TO LEARN
TO APPRECIATE ITS POWER
IN ORDER TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO BEST USE IT.
SO YOU DON'T THINK
THEY'RE WORTHLESS?
NO WAY, THIS DECK
IS INCREDIBLE.
I KNEW IT I
JUST KNEW IT.
HEY COME ON,
DON'T SWEAT IT, TANNER!
THE NEW KID JUST GOT
LUCKY IS ALL.
DON'T YOU LET IT
GET TO YA'!
NO. THAT WAS NOT LUCK.
IF THE PRO DUELS
TAUGHT ME ONE THING
IT WAS HOW TO SPOT
A GOOD OPPONENT.
AND SOMETHIN' TELLS ME
THIS NEWBIE MAY ACTUALLY
KNOW WHAT HE'S DOIN'.
IT'S YOUR MOVE,
TANNER.
HEY, YOU GUYS,
WAS TANNER ACTUALLY
BEIN' NICE FOR ONCE?
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW!
SWEET!
I RELEASE JIRAI GUMO
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
USHI ONI!
NOW WHY WOULD
HE DO THAT?
JIRAI GUMO IS
MORE POWERFUL THAN
THIS MONSTER.
JUST WAIT, OLD TIMER.
THE REAL SHOW'S
ABOUT TO BEGIN!
NOW, I RELEASE
USHI ONI TO SUMMON
GIANT USHI ONI!
AND NEXT MY GIANT
USHI ONI'S TAKING OUT
YOUR CRYSTAL SKULL!
YEAH, CRACK UP
THAT CRYSTAL!
OH YEAH!!
[WHIMPERS]
GO SPECTRE'S BITE!
AAH!
THAT WAS ONLY
THE BEGINNING
OF YOUR WORRIES.
'CAUSE WHEN GIANT USHI ONI
DESTROYS A MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
IT GETS TO ATTACK AGAIN!
AND WITH CRYSTAL SKULL
GONE, YOU'VE GOT
NO DEFENSE, SO YOU'RE OPEN
FOR A DIRECT ATTACK!
YOU'RE REALLY GETTING
CAUGHT UP IN THIS DUEL,
AREN'T YA?!
YOU OKAY?
THAT WAS AWESOME.
THIS GUY JUST AIN'T
GOT WHAT IT TAKES.
SO ARE YOU ANY
GOOD AT ALL, KID?
OR ARE YOU THE LOSER
THESE GUYS SAY YOU ARE?!
Goodwin: JACK, ALLOW ME
TO SHED SOME LIGHT.
I AM THE 360th
GUARDIAN OF THE STAR.
THROUGHOUT HISTORY,
MY ORDER HAS BEEN KNOWN
BY MANY NAMES...
THE DEFENDERS OF PEACE,
THE SERVANTS TO THE STARS.
WE HAVE SWORN
TO MAINTAIN BALANCE
IN THE UNIVERSE BY TAKING
THE OATH OF ILIASTER.
THE WHAT NOW?
IT IS THE POWER
THAT GIVES EVERYTHING
IN NATURE ITS
INNER ESSENCE
AND OUTWARD FORM...
THE UNIVERSE, ENERGY,
MANKIND.
ILIASTER IS
THE POWER FLOWING
THROUGH ALL OF THESE THINGS,
BINDING THEM TOGETHER.
SO IT'S GLUE.
YOU'VE SWORN ALLEGIANCE
TO MAGIC GLUE.
JOKE ALL YOU WANT,
BUT THAT MARK ON YOUR ARM?
IT MEANS YOU'RE PART
OF SOMETHING MUCH GREATER,
AND IF YOUR FRIEND YUSEI
REALLY DOES HAVE A MARK,
THEN HE'S PART
OF IT, TOO.
FROM MY HAND
I SUMMON ASHOKA PILLAR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Computer: ASHOKA PILLAR
IS A MONSTER CARD THAT DEALS
2000 POINTS OF DAMAGE
TO ITS OWNER
WHEN IT IS DESTROYED.
[PRISONERS LAUGHING]
"OOH, LOOK AT ME!
I JUST SUMMONED
A GIANT STICK!"
NOW YOU GOT US
REALLY SCARED.
KNOCK IT OFF,
YOU TWO!
AAH!
I'M INTERESTED TO SEE
HOW MUCH HE CAN SQUEEZE
OUTTA THIS DECK.
YOU GOT ANOTHER
SURPRISE UP YOUR SLEEVE?
I'M ALL ABOUT SURPRISES.
LIKE THIS NEXT CARD...
STONEHENGE!
SEE, THE POWER
OF STONEHENGE LETS ME
SUMMON A MONSTER
WITH NO ATTACK POINTS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
SO I'M SUMMONING CRYSTAL SKULL
IN DEFENSE POSITION.
IS YOUR SKULL AS EMPTY
AS THAT CRYSTAL SKULL?
'CAUSE UNLESS YOU GOT
ANOTHER O' OF THOSE
REFLECTION DOLLS
THAT WAS THE STUPIDEST
MOVE POSSIBLE.
THINK AGAIN, BOYS.
GIANT USHI ONI
CAN ATTACK TWICE.
IF HE HADN'T SUMMONED
THAT SKULL,
I WOULD'VE BEEN ABLE
TO TAKE HIM OUT
AFTER DEMOLISHING
HIS ASHOKA PILLAR.
BUT WITH THAT
CRYSTAL SKULL IN THE WAY...
USHI ONI'LL HAVE
TO ATTACK IT 'STEAD O' HIM!
SO, UH, HE BASICALLY
SAVED HIMSELF
FROM A BIG BEATIN'
BY TAKIN'
A LITTLE
MEDIUM-SIZED BEATIN'?
Tanner: YUP.
EXCEPT HE MADE
ONE MAJOR MISTAKE.
WHAT KINDA MISTAKE?
WHEN USHI ONI
DEMOLISHES THAT PILLAR,
HE'LL TAKE TWO-THOUSAND
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
SORRY KIDDO,
I WISH THAT
I COULD HAVE
GIVEN YOU
A BETTER DECK.
DON'T GIVE UP
ON YOUR DECK NOW, GRAMPS.
HUH?
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
A TRAP CARD NOW IF ONLY
I CAN GET HIM TO USE IT.
DON'T THINK THAT
FACEDOWN CARD CAN
SAVE YOU, KID.
THIS IS THE SHRINE
OF ILIASTER.
WHAT ARE THOSE
LITTLE DRAWINGS?
THEY'RE CARVINGS, JACK.
CARVINGS THAT NARRATE
ANCIENT MYTHS AND LEGENDS.
HOW THE UNIVERSE BEGAN,
THE DAWN OF TIME,
THE BIRTH
OF CIVILIZATION,
THE CREATION OF MY ORDER,
THE GREAT WAR
OF THE DEMONS.
COME, JACK. LET ME TAKE
YOU ON A JOURNEY
THROUGH TIME.
LONG AGO
IN THE PRE-INCAN CIVILIZATION
OF SOUTH AMERICA
THE PEOPLE OF THE STARS
BUILT A GIANT BUILDING
OF STONE KNOWN AS
THE STAIRWAY OF THE DRAGON.
OKAAAY.
THE STAIRWAY WAS BUILT
IN HONOR OF THE DRAGON STAR,
WHICH WAS SAID TO GOVERN
ALL OF CREATION.
ALL THE WISDOM HELD
BY THE STAR WAS HANDED DOWN
TO THEIR RULER
THE STAR DRAGON KING.
LED BY THE STAR
AND THEIR KING,
THE PEOPLE OF THE STARS
BUILT AN INCREDIBLE
CIVILIZATION.
BUT THEN THE GATE
TO THE SHADOW REALM WAS OPENED.
LEGENDS TELL OF EVIL
DEMONS AND SPIRITS LED
BY THE DEMON LORD,
ENGAGING IN A GREAT WAR.
THE KING CLIMBED
THE STAIRWAY AND BEGGED
THE DRAGON STAR
TO HELP HIS PEOPLE.
AND THE DRAGON STAR
ANSWERED THE KING'S CRY.
THE GREAT CRIMSON DRAGON
CAME DOWN FROM ABOVE
AND SWEPT OVER THE LAND,
SEALING THE FORCES
OF EVIL DEEP
BENEATH THE EARTH.
LIKE IN THE DIRT?
PRECISELY.
BEHOLD.
ARE THOSE THE
LEGENDARY NAZCA LINES?
THEY ARE THE SEALS
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
ALRIGHT, NEWBIE.
MY TURN!
LET'S SEE HOW MUCH
YOUR LITTLE TRINKETS
CAN STAND UP TO THIS MOVE!
AAH! AAH!
GIANT USHI ONI,
TEAR DOWN THAT ASHOKA PILLAR!
I ACTIVATE
THE TOTEM POLE TRAP CARD!
[GROWLING]
HOW IN-CRED-IBLE!!
NO WAY!
KEEP 'EM COMIN', TANNER,
'CAUSE TOTEM POLE
CAN BLOCK YOUR
MONSTERS' ATTACKS
UP TO THREE TIMES.
THIS IS FANTASTIC!
WITH MY DECK,
YOU'RE GONNA WIN!
HA HA HA!
YOU THINK I DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING?
I WAS COUNTIN' ON IT!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN BUILD
MY SPIDERWEB CASTLE!
AND ITS ALL THANKS
TO YOU ACTIVATING
YOUR TRAP CARD!
SO NOW IF YOUR
MONSTER ATTACKS,
IT'LL GET CAUGHT IN MY WEB
AND ONLY BE ABLE TO USE HALF
ITS ATTACK POINTS,
BUT THE BEST PART IS
THAT I CAN ALSO JUST
SEND THE CARD TO MY
GRAVEYARD AND THEN
JUMP PAST YOUR DEFENSE
FOR A DIRECT ATTACK.
I TAKE IT BACK, KID.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA WIN.
NOW I PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
BRING IT ON, KID,
'CAUSE MY FIELD IS PERFECT.
THANKS TO TRAP HOLE
IF YOU SUMMON A NEW MONSTER
WITH A THOUSAND
OR MORE ATTACK POINTS,
IT'LL GET DESTROYED.
AND IF YOU SUMMON SOME
WEAKER ONES IN ATTACK POSITION,
HOPING FOR
A STRAIGHT-UP BRAWL,
I CAN USE MIRROR FORCE
TO WIPE 'EM OUT
BEFORE THEY EVEN MOVE.
THIS DUEL'S GOT ME ALL
FIRED UP, I LOVE IT!
IT REMINDS ME
OF BETTER DAYS,
BACK WHEN I WAS
ON MY WAY TO THE TOP
OF THE SPEED WORLD CIRCUIT.
THE ROAR OF THE CROWD,
THE ENERGY IN THE AIR!
HEART POUNDING,
BLOOD RACING.
IT WAS THE GREATEST
FEELING IN THE WORLD
UNTIL I TOOK A RUN
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP
AND JACK ATLAS
TOOK ME OUT IN ONE MOVE.
THAT WAS THE MOST
HUMILIATING DEFEAT
OF MY CAREER.
GUESS YOU'LL HAVE TO
WAIT A LITTLE LONGER
TO TAKE YOUR
VICTORY LAP HUH, TANNER?
MAYBE NEXT TIME,
I'LL ACTUALLY TRY!
IT WAS ALL DOWNHILL
FROM THERE,
BUT I LIKE THIS KID.
HE REMINDS ME
OF, WELL, OF ME.
IT'S MY MOVE, TANNER.
[THINKING]
I KNOW THIS DECK
WON'T LET ME DOWN.
IF I CAN GET ONE MORE
MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
I CAN WIN THIS.
IF NOT, I'M A GONER.
IT'S YOUR MOVE, NEWBIE.
UH-OH, HE SMILED.
I ACTIVATE
THE PIRI REIS MAP SPELL CARD!
Computer: PIRI REIS MAP IS
A SPELL CARD THAT LETS YOU DRAW
A ZERO ATTACK POINT MONSTER,
BUT IF IT'S SUMMONED,
YOU LOSE HALF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
WHAT CAN YA' DO
WITH SOME OLD PIECE OF PAPER?!
IT'S NOT PAPER,
IT'S GAZELLE SKIN!
IT WAS DRAWN BY
AN OTTOMAN-TURKISH
ADMIRAL NAMED...
THERE HE GOES AGAIN!
ENOUGH WITH THE LECTURES,
PROFESSOR!
THE PIRI REIS MAP CAN
SHOW A MONSTER
WITH NO ATTACK POINTS
A CLEAR PATH
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
SO DOES THAT MEAN
YOU GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD?
I'M NOT JUST
DRAWING THE CARD...
I'M SUMMONING IT!
CABRERA STONE!
WHAT'S SOME
LITTLE ROCK GONNA DO?
IT'S A STONE,
THE CABRERA STONE
TO BE EXACT!
THEY SAY A LOST
CIVILIZATION...
NOBODY CARES, OLD MAN!
THIS IS AN
ARCHEOLOGICAL SPECTACLE!
THE CRYSTAL SKULL,
A CABRERA STONE,
AN ASHOKA PILLAR!
I'M GETTING
HISTORICAL
GOOSE BUMPS!
THE WORLD'S
BEST MUSEUMS
DON'T BOAST
COLLECTIONS
AS RARE AS THIS!
SOMETHIN' I DON'T GET
THE DOWNSIDE OF THAT MAP
OF YOURS IS THAT YOU HAD
TO LOSE HALF YOUR LIFE POINTS
IN ORDER TO SUMMON THAT ROCK
YOU ADDED TO YOUR HAND.
THAT LEAVES YOU
WITH ONLY 200 LIFE POINTS.
WHY WOULD YOU PUT
YOURSELF AT RISK
LIKE THAT TO SUMMON SOMETHING
WITH NO ATTACK POINTS?
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
SORRY, TANNER,
BUT NOW THAT I'VE
GATHERED CRYSTAL SKULL,
ASHOKA PILLAR,
AND CABRERA STONE
ON MY FIELD TOGETHER,
I CAN ACTIVATE
ANOTHER CARD.
IT CAN'T BE!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
TRIANGLE O!
WHAT KINDA HOCUS
POCUS IS THIS?
[GROWLS]
OHH!
[ALL GASP]
HE'S DEMOLISHING
EVERYTHING!
AMAZING!
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT THIS CAN
REALLY DO!
TRIANGLE O'S POWER
DESTROYS EVERY CARD
ON THE FIELD.
AND ALL THE DAMAGE
I WOULDA TAKEN 'CAUSE
OF THE CARDS' EFFECTS
GETS DEALT TO YOU.
RESPECT THAT, TANNER!
I... I DON'T
BELIEVE IT.
TANNER!
ARE YOU OKAY?
DEAR BOY, DEAR BOY!
THAT WAS STUPENDOUS!
I'VE TRAVELED
THE WORLD OVER,
BUT I'VE NEVER SEEN
DUELING LIKE THAT.
YOU NEVER EVEN
ATTACKED,
HA HA!
I COULD HUG YOU,
BUT DON'T WORRY,
I WON'T!
I COULDN'T'VE DONE IT
WITHOUT THIS AWESOME
DECK O' YOURS.
ACTUALLY,
I WILL HUG YA!
OH! UH...
DON'T WORRY,
WE DON'T CARE
IF HE WON.
HE'S STILL
SLIME TO US!
YEAH AND WE'RE GONNA TAKE
THAT TREASURE DECK!
HANG ON.
HANG ON
FOR WHAT?
YOU WON A DUEL WITHOUT
EVER ATTACKING ONCE.
THAT'S A PRETTY AMAZING
THING TO PULL OFF.
AND I KNOW WHAT I'M
TALKIN' ABOUT, KID.
THE OLD MAN WAS RIGHT.
RIGHT ABOUT WHAT?
I USED TO BE A PRO.
BUT I NEVER DUELED
SOMEONE QUITE LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE GOOD.
SO YOU GOT
A NAME NEWBIE?
IT'S YUSEI.
HEY, GRAMPS,
I APOLOGIZE
FOR STEPPING
ON YOUR CARDS.
I HOPE YOU LEARNED
YOUR LESSON, TANNER!
NOW TAKE
A LOOK AT THESE.
AREN'T
THEY WONDERFUL?
YOU HAD ME DOUBTING
THEIR WORTH,
BUT YUSEI SHOWED
ME HOW SPECIAL
THEY ARE!
MY TIME IN THE SPOTLIGHT
IS LONG GONE.
BUT I WANNA DO
EVERYTHING I CAN TO GET
YOU TO THE WORLD
OF THE PROS.
WHADDYA SAY?
YOU INTERESTED?
VERY.
ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT,
BREAK IT UP, FELLAS.
LET'S GO, EIGHTY-EIGHT.
THE CHIEF WOULD
LIKE TO SEE YOU.
NOW.
MANY CENTURIES HAVE
PASSED SINCE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
SEALED THE DEMON LORD
AND HIS FORCES
BENEATH THE EARTH.
BUT THOSE FORCES
CONTINUE TO DRAW
ENERGY FROM MANKIND.
THEY FEED
OFF OF OUR SADNESS,
OUR JEALOUSY,
OUR ANGER, OUR GREED.
SOON, THE DEMON LORD'S
FORCES WILL GAIN
MORE POWER THAN THEY
EVER HAD BEFORE.
THEY WILL BREAK
THE DRAGON'S SEAL
AND RETURN TO PILLAGE
THE EARTH.
THAT'S BAD.
ON THE DAY THE SEAL BREAKS
AND THE DEMON LORD
RESURRECTS,
MY ORDER WILL BE
AND PREPARED TO SUMMON
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
AND PROTECT HUMANITY.
BUT WE MUST FIND
THE SIGNERS,
THOSE BEARING THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON.
LIKE YOU.
AND THAT SATELLITE YUSEI.
SO I'M SUPPOSED
TO SAVE THE WORLD.
WHY DIDN'T
YA SAY SO?